well got a box of goodies in the mail
today the second order for this damn
thing
I went picked up the first order a
couple weeks ago from the local forward
new housing leadership bad
that's much trouble getting across town
over I figured I'd just mail order this
one for message two quarts of fat your
match
red six spray cans of yellow by bands
decal
that's the big decal that goes across
the front 40 inch decal I wish I'd went
ahead and got the decal set which one
had all these other little decals in it
or most of them anyway
well I'm a cheap bastard you know I just
couldn't bring myself by to buy say it's
been those new hauling those cross burn
I think he's willing other side yep you
call them because they're the horse the
decal there where those BK I didn't
really mean a whole lot to me I just
learned the big one across the front and
I was hoping I could get a 268 decal
that's what I got today
well that line out to do before I can
use them I thought I had another new
shield so I didn't order one and I one
thing I could find was an older one that
may or may have not come off this but I
don't know I was sworn I bought a new
one and it might have been that one
bright yellow and I might put that on
there anyway this one's come off and now
I'm gonna have to buy another shield
color of when I got it worse than any of
these it's on here
and don't got no one with a floor but
there gets measurements it's 12 inches
wide fifty three and a half inches long
and I want about a four inch lip on the
back and cover up that rust back there
so I don't know if I can bend this metal
sort of a thick oh well I don't know it
don't look all that thick
it's pretty thin really post it
over anyway I've done Bennett taking it
up with a trying to pick it up with a
loader and surprisingly it's not rusted
through terribly bad but it is kind of
rusty I was looking at this up here this
I thought it was spinning I think it's
actually thicker than that it's uh it's
a roll of galvanized metal and it
wouldn't be terribly hard to fix but I
don't know how easy it would be to
straighten out kind of the edges are
kind of bent up
that's it but actually that's probably
as thick as that other sheet it's smooth
and I got plenty of it that looks in
pretty decent shape I don't know what
the bottom has been laying in the dirt a
little bit but I could please a friend
boss so what y'all think know anybody's
got any expertise I know some of y'all
do these no work would you recommend
using the galvanized over the rusty
sheetmetal I may or may not convinced
I'm pretty sure that galvanized looks
like it's a model boy so it all being
fairly easy later we'll get this on
there maybe I get some good input from
people you know more than I do and I'll
get just down flow fit because I'm
waiting on getting it fixed for put my
top in and I can't wait to that bastard
go in and I want to get all this inside
painted I was what kind of waiting on my
paint my red paint come in so I could do
some interior painting before I did my
exterior painting and of course if I run
out the New Holland big ships only 30
miles from my work I mean only 15 miles
from my work is 30 miles out of my way
going there and back but it's not
terribly bad but getting across that
town is just terrible and afternoon
traffic so but about two quarts that can
be thinned down it says say that can be
thinned down they're reduced with no
more than one part thinit eight parts
paint so
well ain't much thinning to me it's a
private eye of a court I might get a
look just a heart for the court of paint
we'll see I got a lot of painting I got
to get some primer and then how was that
I didn't know that things beat up that
bad
wished I'd won hadn't ordered that piece
now that's it terrible
this piece here you wouldn't believe
what these pieces of costly damage
little shields I don't do ain't good for
it's a garden stuff so anyway you
got to get few more things off on the
ends here but minimal way and then I'll
be able to get started on everything and
hopefully get this bastard together
Hayes come along this we finally got
some rain after about four weeks about
any and it is greening up and it won't
be long before it'll need cutting again
and hopefully it will keep getting some
rain and that's just one field and
that's not even the best-looking field
got there bunch of spraying that's gonna
take up a lot of time anyway let me know
what's think on the sheet metal and stay
tuned for more hopefully the next time
I'll be putting the floor in or taking
something out still gotta get that
dadgum
channel spanked a channel rail out of
there and my knife now get it sharpened
stake him